README.md, before:

ECV PHP Project - Symfony3 (Docker)

### Includes
    
- Mysql 5.7.15
- Nginx 1.9.1
- PHP 7.0.7

### Installation
    
    1 - Clone this repository
    2 - Point the container's IP address to symfony.dev
        - ex: '127.0.0.1 symfony.dev' > /etc/hosts
    3 - Install and launch the containers
        - 'docker-compose up'
    4 - Install Symfony's dependencies using composer
        - 'docker exec -it symfony_php composer install'
    5 - Enter these parameters when asked to configure the database. Leave the rest as default
        - host : db
        - database name : symfony
        - user : root
        - password : root
    6 - Restart the docker containers
    7 - Launch the brower on symfony.dev/app_dev.php


### Add remote PHP interpreter in PHPStorm (optional)

    In PHPStorm go to Settings ->  Languages & Frameworks -> PHP
    
    Add a new remote interpreter using the following SSH credentials
        - host: localhost
        - port: 2222
        - user: root
        - password: lbmonkey

Commit message:

Updated Readme with Front-End instructions

README.md, after:

ECV PHP Project - Symfony3 (Docker)

### Includes
    
- Mysql 5.7.15
- Nginx 1.9.1
- PHP 7.0.7

### Dependencies

- Npm

### Installation

#### Docker
    
    1 - Clone this repository
    2 - Point the container's IP address to symfony.dev
        - ex: '127.0.0.1 symfony.dev' > /etc/hosts
    3 - Install and launch the containers
        - 'docker-compose up'
    4 - Install Symfony's dependencies using composer
        - 'docker exec -it symfony_php composer install'
    5 - Enter these parameters when asked to configure the database. Leave the rest as default
        - host : db
        - database name : symfony
        - user : root
        - password : root
    6 - Restart the docker containers
    7 - Launch the brower on symfony.dev/app_dev.php
    
#### Front-End
    
    On your host machine:
    1 - Install all the Node dependencies
        - 'npm install'
    2 - Install Gulp globally
        - 'npm install -g gulp'
    3 - Compile the front-end assets using Gulp
        - 'gulp'
    4 - Symlink the assets in symfony
        - 'docker exec -it symfony_php bin/console assets:install --symlink'
        
    Now when you update the style.scss or app.js file, the bundled files are updated automatically by Gulp.


### Add remote PHP interpreter in PHPStorm (optional)

    In PHPStorm go to Settings ->  Languages & Frameworks -> PHP
    
    Add a new remote interpreter using the following SSH credentials
        - host: localhost
        - port: 2222
        - user: root
        - password: lbmonkey
